0, Miso-Butter Roast Chicken With Acorn Squash Panzanella, ['1 (3½–4-lb.) whole chicken', '2¾ tsp. kosher salt, divided, plus more', '2 small acorn squash (about 3 lb. total)', '2 Tbsp. finely chopped sage', '1 Tbsp. finely chopped rosemary', '6 Tbsp. unsalted butter, melted, plus 3 Tbsp. room temperature', '¼ tsp. ground allspice', 'Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes', 'Freshly ground black pepper', '⅓ loaf good-quality sturdy white bread, torn into 1" pieces (about 2½ cups)', '2 medium apples (such as Gala or Pink Lady; about 14 oz. total), cored, cut into 1" pieces', '2 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil', '½ small red onion, thinly sliced', '3 Tbsp. apple cider vinegar', '1 Tbsp. white miso', '¼ cup all-purpose flour', '2 Tbsp. unsalted butter, room temperature', '¼ cup dry white wine', '2 cups unsalted chicken broth', '2 tsp. white miso', 'Kosher salt', 'freshly ground pepper'], Pat chicken dry with paper towels, season all over with 2 tsp. salt, and tie legs together with kitchen twine. Let sit at room temperature 1 hour.
Meanwhile, halve squash and scoop out seeds. Run a vegetable peeler along ridges of squash halves to remove skin. Cut each half into ½"-thick wedges; arrange on a rimmed baking sheet.
Combine sage, rosemary, and 6 Tbsp. melted butter in a large bowl; pour half of mixture over squash on baking sheet. Sprinkle squash with allspice, red pepper flakes, and ½ tsp. salt and season with black pepper; toss to coat.
Add bread, apples, oil, and ¼ tsp. salt to remaining herb butter in bowl; season with black pepper and toss to combine. Set aside.
Place onion and vinegar in a small bowl; season with salt and toss to coat. Let sit, tossing occasionally, until ready to serve.
Place a rack in middle and lower third of oven; preheat to 425°F. Mix miso and 3 Tbsp. room-temperature butter in a small bowl until smooth. Pat chicken dry with paper towels, then rub or brush all over with miso butter. Place chicken in a large cast-iron skillet and roast on middle rack until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breast registers 155°F, 50–60 minutes. (Temperature will climb to 165°F while chicken rests.) Let chicken rest in skillet at least 5 minutes, then transfer to a plate; reserve skillet.
Meanwhile, roast squash on lower rack until mostly tender, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven and scatter reserved bread mixture over, spreading into as even a layer as you can manage. Return to oven and roast until bread is golden brown and crisp and apples are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven, drain pickled onions, and toss to combine. Transfer to a serving dish.
Using your fingers, mash flour and butter in a small bowl to combine.
Set reserved skillet with chicken drippings over medium heat. You should have about ¼ cup, but a little over or under is all good. (If you have significantly more, drain off and set excess aside.) Add wine and cook, stirring often and scraping up any browned bits with a wooden spoon, until bits are loosened and wine is reduced by about half (you should be able to smell the wine), about 2 minutes. Add butter mixture; cook, stirring often, until a smooth paste forms, about 2 minutes. Add broth and any reserved drippings and cook, stirring constantly, until combined and thickened, 6–8 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in miso. Taste and season with salt and black pepper.
Serve chicken with gravy and squash panzanella alongside.
1, Crispy Salt and Pepper Potatoes, ['2 large egg whites', '1 pound new potatoes (about 1 inch in diameter)', '2 teaspoons kosher salt', '¾ teaspoon finely ground black pepper', '1 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary', '1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme', '1 teaspoon finely chopped parsley'], Preheat oven to 400°F and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment. In a large bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy (there shouldn’t be any liquid whites in the bowl). Add the potatoes and toss until they’re well coated with the egg whites, then transfer to a strainer or colander and let the excess whites drain. Season the potatoes with the salt, pepper, and herbs. Scatter the potatoes on the baking sheet (make sure they’re not touching) and roast until the potatoes are very crispy and tender when poked with a knife, 15 to 20 minutes (depending on the size of the potatoes).
Transfer to a bowl and serve.
2, Thanksgiving Mac and Cheese, ['1 cup evaporated milk', '1 cup whole milk', '1 tsp. garlic powder', '1 tsp. onion powder', '1 tsp. smoked paprika', '½ tsp. freshly ground black pepper', '1 tsp. kosher salt, plus more', '2 lb. extra-sharp cheddar, coarsely grated', '4 oz. full-fat cream cheese', '1 lb. elbow macaroni'], Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 400°. Bring evaporated milk and whole milk to a bare simmer in a large saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, pepper, and 1 tsp. salt. Working in batches, whisk in three fourths of the cheddar, then all of the cream cheese.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil (it should have a little less salt than seawater). Cook macaroni, stirring occasionally, until very al dente, about 4 minutes. Drain in a colander.
Add macaroni to cheese sauce in pan and mix until well coated. Evenly spread out half of macaroni mixture in a 13x9" baking dish. Sprinkle half of remaining cheddar evenly over. Layer remaining macaroni mixture on top and sprinkle with remaining cheddar. Bake until all of the cheese is melted, about 10 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.
3, Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing, ['1 (¾- to 1-pound) round Italian loaf, cut into 1-inch cubes (8 cups)', '2 tablespoons olive oil, divided', '2 pounds sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, divided', '1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces', '3 medium onions, chopped', '4 large celery ribs, chopped', '5 garlic cloves, minced', '4 large eggs, lightly beaten', '¾ cup heavy cream, divided', '½ cup turkey giblet stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth', '1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (2 ounces)', '½ cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley', '4-qt shallow ceramic or glass baking dish'], Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Generously butter baking dish.
Put bread in 2 shallow baking pans and bake, switching position of pans halfway through baking, until just dried out, about 10 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then cook half of sausage, stirring and breaking it into small pieces, until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Brown remaining sausage in remaining tablespoon oil, transferring to bowl.
Pour off fat from skillet and wipe clean. Heat butter over medium heat until foam subsides, then cook onions, celery, garlic, and ½ teaspoon each of salt and pepper, stirring occasionally, until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Add vegetables and bread to sausage.
Whisk together eggs, ½ cup cream, turkey stock, cheese, and parsley, then stir into stuffing and cool completely, about 30 minutes. Reserve 5 cups stuffing to stuff turkey and spoon remainder into baking dish, then drizzle with remaining ¼ cup cream. Cover stuffing and chill.
About 1 hour before stuffed turkey is finished roasting, bring dish of stuffing to room temperature. When turkey is done, increase oven temperature to 425°F and bake stuffing, covered tightly with foil, until hot throughout, about 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake until top is golden and crisp, about 15 minutes more.
Cooks' Note: Bread can be toasted 3 days ahead and kept (once cool) in a sealed bag at room temperature. Stuffing can be prepared (but not baked) 4 hours before roasting turkey. If baking stuffing at the same time as potatoes, put stuffing in upper third of oven and potatoes in bottom third (allow extra time).
4, Newton's Law, ['1 teaspoon dark brown sugar', '1 teaspoon hot water', '1 ½ oz. bourbon', '½ oz. fresh lemon juice', '2 teaspoons apple butter (storebought or homemade)', 'Garnish: orange twist and freshly grated or ground cinnamon'], Stir together brown sugar and hot water in a cocktail shaker to dissolve. Let cool, then add bourbon, lemon juice, and apple butter and fill with ice. Shake until well chilled, about 15 seconds. Strain into an ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with orange twist and cinnamon.
5, Warm Comfort, ['2 chamomile tea bags', '1½ oz. reposado tequila', '¾ oz. fresh lemon juice', '1 Tbsp. agave nectar'], Place 2 chamomile tea bags in a heatsafe vessel, such as a large liquid measuring cup. Pour in 1 ½ cups boiling water, and let steep 5 minutes, then remove tea bags.
Add 1 ½ oz. reposado tequila, ¾ oz. fresh lemon juice, and 1 Tbsp. agave nectar and stir until incorporated. Pour into a 16-ounce insulated mug (or two smaller 8-ounce mugs) and drink hot.
6, Apples and Oranges, ['3 oz. Grand Marnier', '1 oz. Amaro Averna', 'Small pat salted butter (about ½ teaspoon)', '1 cup hot apple cider', '1½ to 3 tsp. fresh lemon juice (to taste, depending on the sweetness of your cider)', 'Garnish: freshly ground pink peppercorns', 'plus 2 lemon wheels (optional)'], Add 3 oz. Grand Marnier, 1 oz. Amaro Averna, and a small pat of salted butter to a 16-ounce travel mug or large heatproof measuring cup. Add 1 cup hot apple cider and stir until butter melts.
Add 1½ tsp. fresh lemon juice and taste for sweetness, adding additional if needed. If serving in travel mug, garnish with ground pink peppercorns and seal. If serving in mugs, divide drink between two warmed mugs and garnish each with a pink peppercorn-dusted lemon wheel.
7, Turmeric Hot Toddy, ['¼ cup granulated sugar', '¾ tsp. ground turmeric', '1 ½ oz. Amontillado sherry', '1 oz. bourbon, aged rum, Scotch, mezcal, or gin', '1 oz. Turmeric Syrup', '½ oz. fresh lemon juice', 'Garnish: Dehydrated lemon wheel (optional)'], For the turmeric syrup, combine ½ cup hot water and ¼ cup sugar in a liquid measuring cup or mason jar. Add ¾ tsp. ground turmeric and stir—or seal and shake—until sugar is completely dissolved. (This makes enough syrup for 4 drinks. Syrup can be used immediately or refrigerated, covered, up to 10 days. Shake or stir before using to reincorporate turmeric.)
For the toddy, combine 1 ½ oz. Amontillado sherry, 1 oz. bourbon (or other spirit of choice), 1 oz. Turmeric Syrup, and ½ oz. fresh lemon juice in a sturdy pint glass or 16-ounce thermos. Top with 8 oz. hot water and stir gently. Garnish with dehydrated lemon wheel if desired.
8, Instant Pot Lamb Haleem, ['¾ cup assorted dals (such as chana dal, moong dal, masoor dal, and/or urad dal)', '¼ cup white jasmine rice or other long-grain rice', '¼ cup pearl barley', '1½ lb. bone-in lamb stew meat', '3 tsp. kosher salt, divided, plus more', '1 6" piece fresh ginger', '3 medium shallots, thinly sliced', '⅓ cup ghee or vegetable oil', '4 garlic cloves, finely grated', '2 Tbsp. plus 1½ tsp. garam masala', '1 tsp. (or more) cayenne pepper', '1 tsp. ground turmeric', '3 green Thai chiles, stems removed (optional)', '½ cup (lightly packed) chopped cilantro, plus more for serving', '½ white onion, finely chopped', '2 limes', 'cut into wedges'], Combine dals, rice, and barley in a medium bowl. Pour in water to cover and swish dals and grains around with your fingers. Drain and repeat process until water runs clear enough to see your hands through. Pour in water to cover and let dals and grains soak at room temperature at least 2 hours, or cover and chill up to 12 hours.
Place lamb on a plate, pat dry with paper towels, and season all over with 2 tsp. salt; set aside. Peel ginger by scraping off skin with a spoon. Finely grate half of ginger; set aside. Thinly slice remaining ginger. Stack slices and cut crosswise into matchsticks; set aside.
If using an electric pressure cooker, combine shallots and ghee in pot and set to sauté function or high. Cook, stirring often and adjusting heat as needed if your cooker has that option, until shallots are just beginning to brown, about 8 minutes (or about 6 minutes if cooking in oil). Reduce to normal function or medium if possible, or, if your cooker doesn’t have a lower setting, turn off for a minute if mixture is getting too hot. Add reserved ginger matchsticks and cook, stirring often, until shallots are brown and crisp and ginger is frizzled, 4–10 minutes, depending on your cooker. Using a slotted spoon, transfer shallots and ginger to a plate, spreading out into a single layer. Season lightly with salt; let cool.
Add garlic, garam masala, cayenne, turmeric, and reserved grated ginger, and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add lamb and stir to coat in spices. Cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon and repeatedly adding splashes of water as spices begin to stick to bottom of pot and scraping up browned bits, until flavors come together, about 15 minutes.(Bhuna, the process of repeated sticking and scraping, is a Southeast Asian cooking technique that brings out the flavor of the spices and ensures they don’t taste raw and grainy.)
Drain dal mixture and add to pot along with 1 tsp. salt and 5 cups water. Secure lid and bring to full pressure according to manufacturer’s directions. Cook 1½ hours. Let sit 20 minutes, then manually release pressure and open up.
Taste haleem and add more salt and cayenne if needed. Add chiles if using. (These are for flavor, not heat; feel free to leave them out.) Simmer on normal function or medium, stirring often, 5 minutes. Stir in ½ cup cilantro.
Serve haleem with white onion, lime wedges, reserved crispy shallots and ginger, and more chopped cilantro.
If using a medium Dutch oven or stovetop pressure cooker, cook shallots and ghee over high heat, stirring often, until shallots are just beginning to brown, about 8 minutes (or about 6 minutes if cooking in oil). Add reserved ginger matchsticks and cook, stirring often, until shallots are brown and crisp and ginger is frizzled, 5–8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer shallots and ginger to a plate, spreading out in a single layer. Season lightly with salt; let cool.
Reduce heat to medium, add garlic, garam masala, cayenne, turmeric, and reserved grated ginger, and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add lamb and stir to coat in spices. Cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon and repeatedly adding splashes of water as spices begin to stick to bottom of pot and scraping up browned bits, until flavors come together, about 15 minutes. (Bhuna, the process of repeated sticking and scraping, is a Southeast Asian cooking technique that brings out the flavor of the spices and ensures they don’t taste raw and grainy.)
Drain dal mixture and add to pot along with 1 tsp. salt and 6½ cups water (if using a Dutch oven) or 5 cups water (for pressure cooker). Increase heat to high and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to the low, cover pot, and cook, stirring and scraping bottom of pot every 15–20 minutes, until meat is falling off the bone and dals and grains have nearly melted into the stew, 4½–5 hours. (If using a stovetop cooker, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Secure lid and bring to full pressure according to manufacturer’s directions. Cook 1½ hours. Let sit 20 minutes, then manually release pressure and open up.)
Taste haleem and add more salt and cayenne if needed. Add chiles if using. (These are for flavor, not heat; feel free to leave them out.) Simmer over medium heat, stirring often, 5 minutes. Stir in ½ cup cilantro.
Serve haleem with white onion, lime wedges, reserved crispy shallots and ginger, and more chopped cilantro.
Do ahead: Haleem can be made 1 day ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. Reheat over medium until warmed through.
9, Spiced Lentil and Caramelized Onion Baked Eggs, ['1 (14.5-ounce) can basic lentil soup, like Amy’s', '1 large onion, thinly sliced', '½ tsp. turmeric', '1 tsp. cumin', '¼ tsp. Aleppo pepper or ⅛ tsp. crushed red pepper flakes', '2 Tbsp. tomato paste', '3 large eggs', '2 Tbsp. ghee, unsalted butter, or olive oil', '½ tsp. whole cumin seeds', 'Olive oil', 'Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper', 'Parsley', 'for finishing'], Place an oven rack in the center of the oven, then preheat to 350°F.
In a medium, oven-safe pan, heat 1 Tbsp. olive oil over medium heat. Add 1 large, thinly sliced onion and ½ tsp. Kosher salt. Cook, stirring often, until golden brown, about 25 minutes.
Add ½ tsp. turmeric, 1 tsp. cumin, ¼ tsp. Aleppo pepper (or ⅛ tsp. crushed red pepper flakes), and 2 Tbsp. tomato paste. Cook and stir constantly until the onions are coated and the tomato paste has darkened slightly, about 2 minutes. Add ⅓ cup water; stir and scrape up all the browned bits on the bottom of the pan for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the liquid looks thickened and saucy. Add one 14-oz. can of lentil soup; cook, stirring to combine, 1 to 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and season with salt, pepper, and more Aleppo pepper or red pepper flakes to taste.
Using a spoon, create 3 wells in the lentil mixture. Carefully crack 1 egg into each well. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake until the whites of the eggs are just set, 11 to 13 minutes.
While the eggs bake, in a small pot or butter warmer, heat 2 Tbsp. unsalted butter, ghee, or olive oil over medium heat. Add ½ tsp. cumin seeds; swirl the pan until the seeds start to sizzle and brown, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Remove from the heat.
Drizzle the finished eggs with the butter mixture, season with salt and pepper, and garnish with parsley before serving.
10, Hot Pimento Cheese Dip, ['1 (7 oz./200 g) can chipotle in adobo sauce', '½ garlic clove, minced', 'Kosher salt', '1½ tsp. cornstarch', '1 (5 fl oz./150 ml) can evaporated milk (about ½ cup plus 2 Tbsp)', '8 oz. (230 g) sharp or extra-sharp Cheddar cheese, coarsely grated (about 2 cups)', '2 oz. (55 g) cream cheese, roughly diced, at room temperature', '¼ cup (60 g) mayonnaise', '1 (4 oz./115 g) jar diced pimento peppers, drained', '1½ tsp. Chipotle Pepper Purée'], Put the chipotle peppers and adobo sauce in a small food processor or blender and blend until the mixture turns into a smooth purée. Set aside. The chipotle purée can be made in advance, stored in an airtight container, and refrigerated for up to 2 months.
On a cutting board, sprinkle the garlic with a large pinch of salt and gather it into a small mound. Holding the blunt side of the knife with both hands, press and scrape the knife’s sharp end, holding it at a slight angle, across the garlic mound to flatten it. Repeat, dragging it across the garlic, until you have a smooth paste. Set aside.
In a small bowl, mix the cornstarch and 1½ tsp. of the evaporated milk into a slurry. Pour the rest of the evaporated milk into a medium saucepan and stir in the slurry. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, whisking constantly. Turn the heat to low and add the Cheddar gradually by the handful, stirring until the Cheddar is melted and the mixture is smooth. Add the cream cheese and whisk until it melts. Stir in the mayonnaise, pimento peppers, 1½ tsp. of the chipotle purée, and the garlic paste. Season with salt. Transfer to a serving bowl or keep it warm in a slow cooker and serve immediately.
To reheat the sauce, microwave it, stirring every 30 seconds, until fully melted.
11, Spiral Ham in the Slow Cooker, ['1 (6- to 7-pound) bone-in, hickory-smoked, uncured fully cooked ham', '5 medium parsnips, peeled and halved lengthwise', '5 medium carrots, peeled and halved lengthwise', '1 cup maple syrup', '2 cups unsweetened apple juice', '½ cup packed dark brown sugar', '½ cup smooth Dijon mustard', '½ cup grainy Dijon mustard', '2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar', 'Kosher salt (if needed)'], Pour 3 cups of water into a 7-quart slow cooker. Add the ham, cut-side up, as well as the parsnips and carrots. Pour the maple syrup and apple juice over the ham, and sprinkle the brown sugar over the top. Cook on high, uncovered, for 30 to 45 minutes, then cover the slow cooker and cook on low until the ham is tender, 3 to 4 hours. Hams vary in size and tenderness, so be patient. When it’s tender, the meat should come off the bone with very little resistance. Taste a small piece for tenderness.
Transfer the ham and vegetables to a deep serving platter (reserve the liquid in the pot). Use a pair of kitchen shears or scissors to cut the slices of ham off the bone and let them fall onto the platter. Stir both kinds of mustard and the vinegar into the cooking liquid left in the slow cooker and taste for seasoning—the sauce may or may not need salt. Pour the liquid over the ham and vegetables, and serve.
12, Butternut Squash and Apple Soup, ['6 slices bacon, cut crosswise into ½-inch pieces', '2 celery ribs, chopped', '1 carrot, chopped', '1 medium onion, chopped', '¼ teaspoon cinnamon', '¾ pound boiling potatoes', '2 medium Granny Smith apples (about ¾ pound total)', '1 ½ pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into ½-inch pieces (3½ to 4 cups)', '2 cups reduced-sodium chicken stock or broth', '2 to 2½ cups water', 'Sour cream'], Cook bacon in a 6-quart heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, then transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, reserving 2 tablespoons fat in pot. (Add vegetable oil if your bacon is very lean and doesn't yield enough fat.)
Cook celery, carrot, and onion in fat in pot over low heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Add cinnamon and cook, uncovered, stirring, 1 minute.
While vegetables are cooking, peel potatoes and coarsely chop. Peel and core 1 apple and coarsely chop.
Stir squash, potato, chopped apple, stock, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper into onion mixture, then simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
Puree soup in 4 batches in a blender (use caution when blending hot liquids), then heat in cleaned pot over medium low heat, stirring occasionally. (Add additional 1/2 cup water to thin, if necessary.)
While soup is heating, cut enough of remaining apple into thin matchsticks (about 1 1/2-inches long) to measure about 1/2 cup.
Serve soup topped with sour cream, bacon, and apple matchsticks.
Cooks' Notes: Soup can be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered once cooled. Cooked bacon can be kept refrigerated in an airtight container—reheat in a 375°F oven in a small baking pan.
13, Caesar Salad Roast Chicken, ['8 anchovies, mashed to a paste', '8 garlic cloves, finely grated', '6 Tbsp. mayonnaise, divided', '1 Tbsp. Dijon mustard, plus more for serving', '2 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil, divided', '1½ tsp. freshly ground black pepper, plus more', '1 (3½–4-lb.) whole chicken or 4 chicken legs (thigh and drumstick; about 3 lb.)', 'Kosher salt', '8 medium shallots, unpeeled, halved lengthwise', '2 lemons, divided', '1 oz. Parmesan, finely grated', '4 oz. country-style bread, torn into (1½") pieces', '2 romaine hearts', 'leaves separated', 'torn'], Place a rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 450°F. Whisk anchovies, garlic, 3 Tbsp. mayonnaise, 1 Tbsp. mustard, 1 Tbsp. oil, and 1½ tsp. pepper in a small bowl. Set aside 1 Tbsp. anchovy mayo in another small bowl.
Pat chicken dry; season outside and inside all over with salt. Arrange breast side up in a cast-iron skillet and tuck wings underneath. Arrange shallots around (if using legs, nestle under and around); season with salt and pepper. Brush remaining anchovy mayo all over chicken, making sure to get it into the nooks and crannies, then brush shallots with any leftover anchovy mayo.
Place chicken in oven so legs are facing toward the back (this is the hottest part of the oven and will help the legs cook before the breast dries out) and roast until some anchovy mayo and fat begin to drip onto shallots, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven and, using tongs, turn shallots to coat in drippings. Return skillet to oven and continue to roast chicken, stirring shallots once or twice, until golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breast registers 155°F, 45–55 minutes. If skin starts to get too dark on the top before chicken is done, tent area with foil, leaving the rest of the bird exposed. If using chicken legs, start checking at 40 minutes (a thermometer inserted right at the joint should register 160°F). Transfer chicken and shallots to a cutting board, leaving behind any juices and fat in skillet. If shallots need more time to soften and darken, roast a bit longer without chicken before proceeding. Reserve skillet.
Reduce oven temperature to 400°F. Finely grate half of zest of 1 lemon into a large bowl; cut lemon in half and squeeze in juice. Add reserved 1 Tbsp. anchovy mayo, remaining 3 Tbsp. mayo, and remaining 1 Tbsp. oil and whisk to combine, then stir in Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Set dressing aside.
Add bread to reserved skillet with fat and turn to coat. Return skillet to oven and toast bread, tossing halfway through, until golden brown and crisp, 12–15 minutes. Transfer croutons to bowl with reserved dressing. Add romaine and gently toss until lettuce is well coated. Season salad with salt and pepper.
Slice remaining lemon into wedges. Carve chicken and nestle back into skillet or transfer to a platter; arrange shallots and lemon wedges around. Serve with salad and more mustard alongside.
14, Chicken and Rice With Leeks and Salsa Verde, ['1½ lb. skinless, boneless chicken thighs (4–8 depending on size)', 'Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper', '3 Tbsp. unsalted butter, divided', '2 large or 3 medium leeks, white and pale green parts only, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced', 'Zest and juice of 1 lemon, divided', '1½ cups long-grain white rice, rinsed until water runs clear', '2¾ cups low-sodium chicken broth', '1 oil-packed anchovy fillet', '2 garlic cloves', '1 Tbsp. drained capers', 'Crushed red pepper flakes', '1 cup tender herb leaves (such as parsley, cilantro, and/or mint)', '4–5 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil'], Season chicken with salt and pepper. Melt 2 Tbsp. butter in a large high-sided skillet over medium-high heat. Add leeks and half of lemon zest, season with salt and pepper, and mix to coat leeks in butter. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until leeks are somewhat tender, about 5 minutes. Remove lid, increase heat to medium-high, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and just starting to take on color, about 3 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring often, 3 minutes, then add broth, scraping up any browned bits. Tuck short sides of each chicken thigh underneath so they are touching and nestle seam side down into rice mixture. Bring to a simmer. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until rice is tender and chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Cut remaining 1 Tbsp. butter into small pieces and scatter over mixture. Re-cover and let sit 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, pulse anchovy, garlic, capers, a few pinches of red pepper flakes, and remaining lemon zest in a food processor until finely chopped. Add herbs; process until a paste forms. With motor running, gradually stream in oil until loosened to a thick sauce. Add half of lemon juice; season salsa verde with salt.
Drizzle remaining lemon juice over chicken and rice. Serve with salsa verde.
15, Gorditas con Camarones, ['1⅓ cups instant corn masa flour (such as Maseca)', '5 Tbsp. lard, melted, or vegetable oil, divided', '2½ tsp. Diamond Crystal or 1½ tsp. Morton kosher salt, divided, plus more', '4 guajillo or dried New Mexico chiles, stems and seeds removed', '2 morita chiles, stems removed, or 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo', '1 tsp. ground coriander or cumin', '1½ lb. medium shrimp, peeled, deveined', '4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced', '2 sprigs thyme', '1 Tbsp. apple cider vinegar', '1 tsp. agave syrup or honey', '3 Tbsp. unsalted butter, cut into pieces', 'Sliced onion', 'sliced avocado', 'cilantro leaves with tender stems', 'and lime wedges (for serving)'], Stir masa, 1 Tbsp. lard, 1 tsp. Diamond Crystal or ½ tsp. Morton salt, and 1 cup water in a medium bowl until a soft and slightly sticky dough forms. If dry, mix in another 1 Tbsp. water. Cover and let sit at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours.
Meanwhile, bring guajillo chiles, morita chiles, coriander, and 1½ cups water to a boil in a small saucepan. Cover, remove from heat, and let sit, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes to allow chiles to soften. Transfer to a blender and purée until smooth; set aside.
Place rack in lowest position in oven; preheat to 500°F. Brush a rimmed baking sheet with 2 Tbsp. lard. Divide dough into 4 pieces and form into balls. Set on work surface and cover with a damp kitchen towel. Place 1 ball between 2 sheets of parchment or wax paper. Using a small skillet or saucepan, gently press ball into a 5"-diameter disk. Carefully peel away parchment; place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining balls.
Bake gorditas until outer edges are lightly golden, 10–12 minutes. Turn over and bake until golden brown and crisp, 10–12 minutes. Transfer to plates and let cool 10 minutes. Insert a paring knife into side of gordita and, using a slow sawing motion, cut open along one side (keep other side intact).
Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. lard in a large skillet over high. Cook shrimp until lightly browned and just cooked through, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a medium bowl. Reduce heat to medium and cook garlic in same skillet, tossing often, until beginning to brown, about 1 minute. Add thyme sprigs, vinegar, agave, 1½ tsp. Diamond Crystal or 1 tsp. Morton kosher salt, and reserved chile purée. Cook, stirring occasionally, until brick red and the consistency of a thick sauce, 6–8 minutes. Add shrimp and any juices and cook 1 minute. Remove from heat; add butter and stir constantly until melted and sauce is glossy. Season with more salt if needed. Remove and discard thyme.
Fill gorditas with shrimp mixture, onion, avocado, and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over.
16, Enfrijoladas, ['5 Tbsp. vegetable oil, divided', '8 corn tortillas', '12 oz. fresh chorizo', '3 garlic cloves, crushed', '½ medium white onion, thinly sliced, plus more for serving', 'Kosher salt', '2 (15-oz.) cans black beans, rinsed, or 3 cups Frijoles de la Olla, drained', '1½ cups low-sodium chicken broth', '6 oz. queso fresco or Cotija cheese, crumbled', 'Cilantro leaves with tender stems and sliced avocado (for serving)'], Using 2 Tbsp. oil, brush both sides of each tortilla. Heat a large skillet over medium-high. Working in batches, cook until lightly browned and starting to crisp, about 1 minute per side. Set aside.
Heat remaining 3 Tbsp. oil in same skillet over medium-high. Cook chorizo, breaking up with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 7–9 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a medium bowl; set aside.
Add garlic and ½ onion to same skillet, season with salt, and cook, tossing occasionally, until tender and beginning to brown, 6–8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer garlic mixture to a blender; reserve pan with oil. Add beans and broth to blender and purée until smooth (it should be the consistency of yogurt); season with salt.
Set reserved pan over medium-high and heat oil. Transfer bean purée to skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low. Working one at a time and using tongs, dip tortillas in bean purée, turning to coat and leaving until softened, about 3 seconds per side (they will soften more as they sit). Transfer to a baking sheet as you go. Spoon 1 Tbsp. chorizo and 1 Tbsp. queso fresco across the center of each tortilla; fold over like a taco.
Divide among plates and spoon remaining bean purée over. Top with cilantro, avocado, more onion, remaining chorizo, and remaining queso.
17, Caramelized Plantain Parfait, ['6 Tbsp. virgin coconut oil', '4 ripe (spotted) plátanos manzanos or 2 large ripe (black) plantains, peeled, sliced in half lengthwise', 'Kosher salt', '3 cups plain unsweetened coconut milk yogurt or Greek yogurt', '2 ripe mangoes, thinly sliced', 'Toasted nuts', 'seeds', 'and/or unsweetened shredded coconut (for serving)'], Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Cook plantains, turning once, until deep golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to paper towels to drain; season with salt.
Divide yogurt among bowls; top with plantains and mangoes, then nuts, seeds, and/or coconut as desired.
18, Chicken and Potato Gratin With Brown Butter Cream, ['3 lb. skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs and drumsticks', '7½ tsp. kosher salt, divided', '1 lb. small potatoes (such as fingerling or baby Yukon Gold), halved lengthwise', '8 oz. small or medium shallots, halved through root ends', '5 Tbsp. unsalted butter, divided', '¾ cup heavy cream', '2 garlic cloves, finely grated', '½ tsp. freshly ground black pepper', '¼ tsp. freshly grated or ground nutmeg', '8 sprigs thyme', '8 sage leaves', '3½ oz. country-style bread, preferably day-old, torn into large pieces', '1 lemon', 'cut into wedges (optional)'], Season chicken all over with 4 tsp. salt. Place in an airtight container and cover. Chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.
Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 425°F. Toss potatoes, shallots, and 2 tsp. salt in a large bowl.
Melt 4 Tbsp. butter in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring often, until butter foams, then browns, 5–8 minutes. Immediately remove from heat (it will continue to darken) and stir in cream, garlic, pepper, nutmeg, and remaining 1½ tsp. salt. Set saucepan over medium-low heat and cook, stirring, until salt is dissolved and mixture is warm to the touch. Stir in thyme and sage; remove from heat.
Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. butter in a large stainless-steel skillet over medium-high until melted and bubbling. Working in 2 batches, cook chicken, skin side down, until golden underneath, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a 13x9" or 3-qt. baking dish and arrange skin side up. Set skillet with pan drippings aside. Nestle potatoes and shallots around chicken (don’t place on top). Pour brown butter cream over chicken and vegetables, making sure herbs and spices are evenly dispersed and tucking herbs into vegetables so they don’t get too crispy when they bake.
Bake gratin until cream is mostly reduced and chicken and vegetables are dark golden brown, about 40 minutes. Let gratin cool 5–10 minutes.
Meanwhile, pulse bread in a food processor until pieces are about oat-size (you should have about 1¼ cups). Toss breadcrumbs in pan drippings in reserved skillet to coat. Cook over medium heat, scraping up browned bits with a spatula, until deep golden brown, 5–7 minutes. Let cool.
To serve, top gratin with breadcrumbs. Serve lemon wedges alongside for squeezing over if desired.
19, Roasted Beets With Crispy Sunchokes and Pickled Orange-Ginger Purée, ['Strips of zest (no pith) from 1 medium orange', '2½ ounces fresh ginger (about one 5-inch piece), peeled and thinly shaved (use a mandoline if you have one)', '¼ cup fresh lime juice', '¼ cup champagne vinegar', '¼ cup sugar', '2 tablespoons plus ¾ teaspoon kosher salt', '2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil', '½ Thai chile, with seeds', '1½ pounds beets (use a mix of colors if possible), about 5 medium', '¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil', '¼ cup white wine vinegar', '¼ cup water', 'Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper', '1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil', '½ cup roughly chopped cashews', '4 large sunchokes, thinly shaved (use a mandoline if you have one)', 'Vegetable oil', 'Kosher salt', '1 medium orange', 'Roasted Beets', 'Extra-virgin olive oil', 'Kosher salt', '¼ cup Pickled Orange-Ginger Puree', 'Toasted Cashews', '1 tablespoon roughly chopped tarragon', '1 tablespoon roughly chopped dill fronds', 'Sunchoke Chips'], Place the zest strips in a small saucepan and cover with water. Bring the water to a boil, then drain. Repeat this process two more times (blanching the orange zest removes any bitter flavors). Place the ginger and orange zest in a jar or heatproof container. In a saucepan, bring the lime juice, vinegar, sugar, and ¾ teaspoon salt to a boil. Pour over the ginger and orange. Let cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate overnight. The pickled ginger can be refrigerated for a couple of months.
Drain the pickled ginger and orange and save 3 tablespoons of the pickling liquid. Add both to a blender or mini food processor, along with the olive oil, chile, and remaining 2 tablespoons salt. Blend until very smooth, scraping down the side of the blender as needed. Transfer to a container and refrigerate until ready to use. The puree can be made a couple of days ahead. (Makes about 1 cup.)
Preheat the oven to 375°F. Place the beets in a baking dish (if using a mix of red and golden beets, separate them into two smaller dishes and divide the oil, vinegar, and water between the two dishes). Drizzle with the oil and add the water and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Cover the pan with foil and roast until the beets are tender when pierced with a knife; this can take anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour, depending on the thickness of the beets. Let the beets cool, then peel and cut into 1-inch wedges. Place each color of beet, along with any accumulated juices, into a small mixing bowl.
In a skillet, heat the oil over medium-low heat. Add the cashews and cook, stirring constantly, until golden brown. Transfer to a heat-proof bowl.
Pour 1 inch of oil into a small saucepan and add the sunchokes (there should be just enough oil to cover the sunchokes; add more oil if needed). Turn the heat to medium and stir occasionally; when the sunchokes begin to sizzle and foam, increase the temperature to high and continue frying, stirring constantly, until the sunchokes are light golden brown. At this point the sunchokes will rapidly go from golden brown to burnt, so quickly transfer the chips to paper towels to drain. Lightly season with salt. The sunchoke chips can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for a day or two, or until they start to soften. (Makes about ½ cup.)
Using a sharp knife, cut the peel and pith off the orange. Working over a bowl, cut the orange between the membranes to release the segments. Dice the segments, then return them to the bowl.
Drizzle the beet wedges with a little bit of olive oil, season with salt, and toss.
Spread the ginger puree on the bottom of a shallow serving bowl or plate. Arrange the beets over the puree. Sprinkle the chopped orange segments over the beets and grind some pepper over the dish. Top with the cashews, herbs, and sunchoke chips. Serve.
20, Kale and Pumpkin Falafels With Pickled Carrot Slaw, ['¾ cup (120g or 4½ oz) toasted pepitas (pumpkin seeds)', '3 cups (90g or 3 oz) shredded kale, stems removed (about 3 large leaves)', '1 clove garlic, crushed', '1 (16 oz or 400g ) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), rinsed, drained', '1½ teaspoons ground turmeric', '½ cup (6g or ¼ oz) coriander (cilantro) leaves', 'Sea salt and cracked black pepper', '3 cups (450g or 1 lb) firmly packed grated pumpkin', 'Extra virgin olive oil, for brushing', 'Plain Greek-style yogurt and hulled tahini, to serve', '6 carrots, shredded using a julienne peeler', '2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar', '2 tablespoons honey', '2 large red chiles, sliced', '½ cup (6g or ¼ oz) coriander (cilantro) leaves'], Preheat oven to 220°C (425°F).
Place the pepitas into the bowl of a food processor and process until finely chopped. Add the kale, garlic, chickpeas, turmeric, coriander, salt and pepper and process until well combined. Add the pumpkin and stir through to combine. Shape large tablespoonfuls of pumpkin mixture into balls. Place on a baking tray lined with non-stick baking paper and flatten slightly. Brush well with oil, then bake for 25 minutes or until golden and crisp.
To make the pickled carrot slaw, place the carrots, vinegar, honey, chile and coriander in a bowl and toss to combine. Set aside for 5 minutes to pickle.
To serve, divide the pickled carrot slaw between bowls and top with pumpkin falafels and serve with yoghurt and tahini.
21, Maple and Chile Roasted Squash With Quinoa Tabouli, ['1 (2kg or 4 lb or 4 oz) butternut squash or 2 (1kg or 2 lb or 3 oz) butternut squash, halved', '2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil', '1 tablespoon pure maple syrup', '1 teaspoon chile flakes', 'Sea salt and cracked black pepper', '1/4 cup (40g or 1 ½ oz) roasted almonds, chopped', '2 cups (320g or 11 ¼ oz) cooked quinoa', '½ cup (8g or ¼ oz) torn mint leaves', '60g (2 oz) wild rocket (arugula) leaves', '½ cup (140g or 5 oz) hulled tahini', '⅔ cup (160ml or 5 ½ fl oz) lemon juice', '1 cup (250ml or 8 ½ fl oz) water', '1 clove garlic, crushed', 'Sea salt flakes'], Preheat oven to 220°C (425°F).
Scoop the seeds from the squash and discard. Place squash, cut side up, onto a baking tray. Using the tip of a sharp knife, make some shallow slashes into the squash flesh. Combine the oil, maple, chile, salt and pepper and brush over the squash. Cover with aluminium foil and roast for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and roast for a further 40 minutes or until the squash is golden and soft.
To make the quinoa tabouli, in a large bowl combine the quinoa, mint, and arugula.
To make the lemon tahini dressing, in a small bowl, place the tahini, lemon juice, water, garlic and salt. Mix to combine.
To serve, place the squash onto a serving platter and top with the tabouli. Drizzle with the lemon tahini dressing and sprinkle over almonds.
22, Chhena Poda (Spiced Cheesecake), ['Ghee, for the cake pan', '8 ounces paneer, preferably homemade', '¼ cup confectioners’ sugar', '½ teaspoon ground cardamom', '2 tablespoons semolina', '1½ tablespoons ghee, store-bought or homemade', '¼ cup whole milk', '2 tablespoons roasted cashews', '2 tablespoons golden raisins', '3 tablespoons granulated sugar', 'Freshly whipped cream or sliced almonds (optional)', 'for serving'], Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter a 9-inch nonstick metal cake pan with some ghee.
In a large bowl, stir together the paneer, confectioners’ sugar, and cardamom until incorporated but still slightly chunky. Add the semolina, ghee, and milk and whisk until smooth. Stir in the cashews and raisins and set aside.
Sprinkle the granulated sugar over the bottom of the prepared cake pan. Set the pan on the stove over medium heat and once the sugar just begins to bubble and turn pale golden brown (the sugar will continue to caramelize in the oven, so don’t let it get any darker right now), after 8 to 10 minutes, remove the pan from the heat using tongs. (This step is a bit tricky and you might be tempted to move the sugar around with a spoon while it is bubbling, but don’t touch it—just let it caramelize on its own.) You will know it’s ready for the cake batter when it’s bubbling but is still slightly grainy and just turning a pale golden color. Pour the batter into the pan, using a rubber spatula to scrape the bowl clean. It should settle into an even layer on its own, but if it doesn’t, use the spatula to create a smooth surface.
Wearing oven mitts, carefully transfer the pan to the oven and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool in the pan to room temperature. Run a paring knife around the cake’s edges and then place a serving platter larger than the diameter of the cake over the cake and gently flip the cake over—it should slide out, with caramel coming out with it like you would see in a flan (though some caramel will be left in the pan—this is fine).
Slice and serve with freshly whipped cream or sliced almonds, if desired. The cake will keep in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.
Note: To clean the pan, add some boiling water to the pan and let it sit for at least 30 minutes to loosen up the browned sugar sticking to the surface of the pan before cleaning it.
23, Paneer, ['2 quarts whole milk', 'Juice of 2 lemons', '½ teaspoon kosher salt'], In a medium saucepan, heat the milk to 195°F over medium heat. Using a wooden spoon, stir frequently during the heating process to prevent the milk from scalding. Be sure to scrape the bottom of the pan when you stir because this is where the milk is most prone to sticking. The milk will become foamy and bubbles will form on its surface once it reaches the desired temperature.
Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice until evenly distributed, which will cause the separation of curds from the whey. The process should begin right away, but don’t fret if it takes a minute or two. Cover the pan and set aside at room temperature for 10 minutes to let the acid work its magic. Check the mixture at this point: It should be slightly yellow and the curds should have completely separated from the whey. Don’t panic if this hasn’t happened completely yet. Simply add another teaspoon of acid and set aside for a few minutes more. This should do the trick.
Line a fine-mesh sieve with cheesecloth and set the sieve over a bowl. Ladle the curds and whey into the sieve. Reserve the whey for another use. Season the curds (still in the sieve) with salt, stirring it in using a wooden spoon, then gather up the edges of the cheesecloth into a tight bundle and squeeze the excess whey from the curds. Place the cheesecloth and curds on a large plate and shape them into a square. Wrap the cheesecloth edges around the paneer and place a second plate on top of it to compress it. Set aside at room temperature for 30 minutes. At this point the paneer is ready to use or it can be refrigerated in a covered container for up to 3 days.
24, Sloppy Joe Shirred Eggs With Spinach, ['1 medium carrot, top removed and cut into about 6 pieces', '1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes, or 2 scant cups roughly chopped fresh tomatoes', '2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided', '3 garlic cloves, minced', '8 ounces fresh spinach (4 cups packed)', '3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided', '1 pound ground turkey', '2 teaspoons ground cumin', '1 teaspoon smoked paprika', '½ teaspoon ground black pepper', '½ cup R-Rated Onions', '2 tablespoons red wine vinegar', '4 large eggs Parmigiano Reggiano', 'for serving (optional)'], Preheat your oven to 400°F. Combine the carrot, tomatoes plus their juice, and 1 cup water in a blender. Blitz till it’s as smooth as your blender allows.
In an ovenproof 12-inch sauté pan or skillet set over medium heat, cook 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and the minced garlic. Watch for the garlic to start sizzling, then stir in the spinach and ½ teaspoon of the salt. Continue stirring for a minute, until all the spinach is wilted. Remove it from the pan and set aside.
Add the final tablespoon olive oil to the pan, raise the heat to medium, and add the turkey plus 1 teaspoon salt. Using a wooden spoon or spatula, break the turkey up into small morsels as it browns. When you have browned turkey, add the cumin, paprika, and black pepper. Stir to incorporate, toasting the spices for about 30 seconds.
Add the carrot-tomato mixture, the R-Rated Onions, vinegar, and ½ teaspoon salt. Let this cook for about 15 minutes, uncovered, stirring occasionally. You may need to lower the heat to prevent Joe from sticking or splattering. When the ragout is done it will be thick and juicy. If it seems too dry, stir in a little water. Taste the ragout for seasoning and adjust as you like.
Turn the heat off and make four indentions in the ragout. Divide the spinach and put equal amounts in each indentation. Top each section of spinach with a cracked egg. Sprinkle the eggs with the remaining 1 teaspoon salt.
Slide the skillet onto the middle rack of your preheated oven. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the whites are set and the yolks are slightly runny.
To serve, scatter ribbons of Parmigiano Reggiano or another hard cheese over the top. If bread is your thing, this is great with toast.
25, R-Rated Onions, ['4–5 large or 6–8 medium yellow or white onions', '1 Tbsp olive or vegetable oil', '1 tsp kosher salt'], Peel your onions and cut them in half through their stem ends—longways, if you will. Slice them thinly with the grain, following the line from root to stem rather than cutting the onion across its belly. This is actually important because slicing it the other way makes the path to silky onions a longer one.
Once your onions are sliced, heat your skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil, then the onions and the salt. Let the onions sizzle for a couple minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon or a heatproof spatula and watch as they wilt for about 3 more minutes. At this point, reduce the heat to medium low. Put a lid on and step away for a few minutes. Give the onions a stir every now and then. You don’t have to stand over it like risotto, but don’t go for a walk around the block either. Caramelized bits will accumulate at the bottom and sides of the pan, and that’s good. Just scrape them up and stir them in. A little color building as you go is okay, but don’t rush to brown them. The point is to cook the onions gently, coaxing them through stages of raw, wilted, sweaty, soft, light brown, and finally deeply caramelized
About 45 minutes in, remove the lid for the last time. They should be a light caramel color. Now, with the lid off, you will need to watch more closely and stir more frequently. At some point you may find that despite your best efforts some of the caramelized bits, verging on burnt, cling to the pan and threaten over all onion ruin. Do not fret! Just add a ½ cup or so of water and use its energy to help scrape up the stubborn but tasty film. Let the water cook out of course. When you’re smiling over a soft, creamy, fragrant pile of mahogany onions, you’re done.
Note: R-Rated Onions will keep in the fridge for a week and in the freezer for 3 months.
26, Miso-Squash Ramen, ['1 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil', '1 Tbsp. white miso', '2 tsp. pure maple syrup or brown sugar', '1 tsp. regular soy sauce or tamari', '1 small kabocha squash (about 2 lb.), peeled, cut into 1"-thick wedges, or 1 small butternut squash (about 2 lb.), peeled, cut into 1" pieces', '1 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil', '1 (1") piece ginger, coarsely chopped', '2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped', '4 cups low-sodium vegetable broth', '2 Tbsp. white miso', 'Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper', '1 large bunch broccolini (8–10 oz.), halved crosswise, thicker stalks halved lengthwise', '4 (5-oz.) packages wavy ramen noodles, preferably fresh', 'Handful of cilantro leaves with tender stems'], Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk oil, miso, maple syrup, and soy sauce in a small bowl until a thick paste forms. Place squash on a rimmed baking sheet and scrape dressing over; toss to coat. Arrange squash in a single layer and roast until fork-tender (it will be a little caramelized in spots), 25–30 minutes.
Heat oil in a medium pot over medium-high. Add ginger and garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add broth and bring to a boil. Remove from heat.
Set 8 roasted squash wedges (or about 2 cups if using butternut) aside for serving. Add miso and remaining squash to pot and blend with an immersion blender until mostly smooth; season with salt and pepper. (Alternatively, you can let broth cool slightly, then purée with sqush and miso in a regular blender.)
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to the boil and cook broccolini until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Using tongs, transfer to a plate.
Add noodles to same pot and cook according to packet directions. Drain and divide noodles among bowls.
Ladle broth over noodles and arrange broccolini and reserved squash (cut in half if they are very big) on top. Scatter cilantro over.
27, Spicy Coconut Pumpkin Soup, ['2 tablespoons coconut oil', '1 pound calabaza pumpkin, seeded, peeled, and cut into chunks', '1 small onion, minced', '3 garlic cloves, minced', '1 ají dulce pepper, seeded and minced', '1 teaspoon dark brown sugar', '½ teaspoon ground cumin', '2 cups coconut milk', '1 cup chicken broth or vegetable broth', 'Salt and freshly ground black pepper', '2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro'], Heat the coconut oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the pumpkin, stir well, and cook, covered, for 15 minutes.
Add the onion, garlic, and ají dulce and stir well. Sauté until the onion becomes translucent, 3 to 5 minutes, then add the brown sugar and cumin. Mix well. Cook until the sugar melts, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in the coconut milk and broth. Bring to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the pumpkin is very soft, about 15 minutes.
Using an immersion blender, blend the soup into a smooth purée. Alternatively, remove the solids with a slotted spoon and place in a blender or food processor. Purée until smooth and return to the pan.
Bring back to a simmer and cook gently for 5 minutes so the flavors combine. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Serve hot, garnished with the cilantro.
28, Baigan Chokha, ['2 large Italian eggplants', '1 tablespoon canola oil', '½ medium onion, chopped', '2 cloves garlic, finely chopped', '1 small tomato, chopped', '¼ teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste', 'Freshly ground black pepper to taste', '1 tablespoon coarsely chopped cilantro', 'Roti', 'for serving'], Prepare a hot grill or preheat the broiler.
With a fork, pierce the eggplants all over, and place on the grill or under the broiler. Grill or broil until completely charred and soft, about 20 minutes, turning frequently (the eggplants will brown and blister quickly). Remove and allow to cool.
Once cool, cut open the eggplants and scrape out the flesh. The flesh should be soft to the touch and pulpy, and should easily come away from the skin. Set aside.
Heat the canola oil in a frying pan. Add the onion and sauté until translucent. Add the garlic and fry until the garlic turns a dark golden brown, then add the tomato and fry for 1 to 2 minutes.
Stir in the mashed eggplant and cook for about 2 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Garnish with the cilantro and serve with roti.
29, Dad’s Curried Chicken, ['1 (4-pound) chicken, cut into 8 pieces, skin removed', '1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice', '2 tablespoons Green Seasoning', '1 teaspoon coarse salt', '1 Scotch bonnet pepper or other hot red chili pepper, finely chopped', '2 cloves garlic, crushed', '¼ cup Trinidad Curry Powder', '2 tablespoons canola oil', '1 medium onion, chopped', '1 cup chicken stock or water', 'Roti or white rice', 'for serving'], Place the chicken pieces in a bowl and toss with the lime juice. Drain, rinse the chicken with cold water, and drain again. Remove the chicken from the bowl and pat dry with paper towels.
Place the chicken in another bowl with the Green Seasoning, salt, chili pepper, and garlic. Toss well to coat and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes but ideally overnight.
Combine the curry powder with just enough water to form a thick paste. Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed pot. Add the curry paste and onion. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 to 2 minutes over medium-low heat—do not allow the curry to scorch. Add the chicken pieces and stir well to coat. Add the stock or water, cover, and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the chicken is tender.
Remove the lid and simmer for 5 minutes more over medium-high heat, until the sauce reduces by one-third. Serve with roti or white rice.
30, Trinidad Curry Powder, ['6 cardamom pods', '1 cup coriander seeds', '¼ cup cumin seeds', '1 Tbsp. mustard seeds', '1 Tbsp. fenugreek seeds', '10-15 curry leaves (optional)', '¼ cup whole black peppercorns', '6 whole cloves', '⅓ cup plus 1 Tbsp. ground turmeric'], Break open the cardamom pods, remove the seeds, and discard the pods.
Place the cardamom seeds, coriander, seeds, cumin seeds, mustard seeds, fenugreek seeds, and curry leaves in a heavy frying pan and toast, swirling for about 5 minutes, until the spices begin to release their aromas.
Place the toasted spices in a food processor or spice grinder and add the peppercorns and cloves. Grind the mixture to a find powder. Stir in the turmeric.
Store in an airtight container. If stored properly, curry powder will keep for at least two months.
31, Shrimp Creole, ['3 garlic cloves, minced', '2 large onions, chopped fine', '1 cup finely chopped celery (about 2 stalks)', '1 red bell pepper, cut into ½-inch dice', '½ green bell pepper, cut into ½-inch dice', '2 tablespoons olive oil', '2 cups chicken broth', '1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes, drained and chopped', '1 bay leaf', '1 teaspoon ground cumin', '1 teaspoon salt, or to taste', '½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper', '1½ pounds large shrimp (about 32), shelled and deveined', 'Accompaniment: 1 cup uncooked rice', 'prepared according to package instructions but without butter or margarine'], In a large heavy kettle cook garlic, onions, celery, and bell peppers in oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add all remaining ingredients except shrimp and simmer, uncovered, 30 minutes, or until thickened. Stir in shrimp and cook, covered, over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until shrimp are cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Serve shrimp and sauce over coked rice.
32, Green Seasoning, ['3 Tbsp. chopped fresh chives', '1 Tbsp. chopped fresh shado beni or cilantro leaves', '2 Tbsp. chopped fresh thyme', '1 Tbsp. chopped fresh oregano', '1 Tbsp. chopped fresh parsley', '4 cloves garlic'], Process all the ingredients in a food processor until the mixture forms a thick paste. (Alternatively, process in a blender with 2 Tbsp. vinegar.)
Use immediately, or store in a tightly sealed glass jar in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.
33, Chicken Pelau, ['1 cup dry or 1 (12-ounce) can pigeon peas, pinto beans, or black-eyed peas', '2 cups long-grain rice', '3 tablespoons canola oil', '3/4 cup sugar (white or brown)', '1 (3-pound) chicken, cut into 8 pieces, skin removed', '1 small onion, chopped', '1 clove garlic, finely chopped', '1 cup coconut milk', '1 bay leaf', '2 teaspoons Green Seasoning', '1/2 cup chopped parsley', '1 sprig thyme', '2 carrots, peeled and chopped', '5 scallions, chopped (white and green parts)', 'Kosher salt', '2 cups cubed fresh calabaza or butternut squash', '1 small whole Scotch bonnet pepper', '1/2 cup ketchup', '1 tablespoon butter'], If using dried peas, soak them overnight in 3 cups of water. Drain. Bring 3 fresh cups of water to a boil in a saucepan and add the peas. Simmer for 15 minutes, or until cooked almost completely through. Drain and set aside. If using canned beans, drain, rinse with cold water, drain again, and set aside. Wash the rice by placing it in a colander or fine-mesh sieve and running cold water over it until the water runs clear, about 1 minute. Drain well and set aside.
Heat the oil over medium heat in a Dutch oven or other heavy, deep pot. Add the sugar and swirl in the pot, stirring constantly; allow it to caramelize to a dark brown color. Add the chicken and stir well to coat. Add the onion and garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly.
Stir in 2 cups of water, the coconut milk, bay leaf, Green Seasoning, parsley, thyme, carrots, and scallions. Season with salt. Reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir the rice, squash, peas, hot pepper, ketchup, and butter into the chicken. Cover and cook for 20 minutes, or until the peas and vegetables are tender. Remove lid and fluff the rice. The rice should be moist but not sticky. Remove bay leaf, thyme sprig, and hot pepper.
Note: Pigeon peas are traditional in this dish, but pinto beans or black-eyes peas also work well because, like pigeon peas, they hold their shape well after cooking. Brown sugar is preferable for deeper flavor and color. Chicken is the most common meat in pelau, but cuts of stew beef or lamb work just as well. If using meat, up the cooking time before adding the rice to 40 minutes to allow the meat to get tender. In Tobago, pelau is often made with crab. West Indian pumpkin (also called calabaza) is ideal for this recipe, although the pie or "cheese" pumpkin common in the U.S., if in season, makes a very good substitute. Butternut squash will also work, although it will be slightly less sweet.
34, Our Favorite Creamy Mashed Potatoes, ['4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 2" pieces', '6 large garlic cloves, peeled', '1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more', '1 1/4 cups whole milk', '4 thyme sprigs', '3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided', '3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more', '1/2 cup sour cream', 'A potato ricer or food mill'], Cover potatoes, garlic, and 1 Tbsp. salt with cold water in a large pot. Bring to a low boil, then reduce heat and simmer (do not boil) until potatoes are very tender when pierced with the tip of a paring knife but not falling apart, 20–25 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat milk, thyme, and 3/4 cup butter in a small pot over medium, stirring, until butter is melted. Remove from heat; set aside.
Drain potatoes and garlic; return to pot. Toss over low heat until moisture evaporates, 1–2 minutes. Using potato ricer or food mill, immediately press potatoes and garlic into a large bowl (do not let cool).
Discard thyme from milk mixture and gradually stir into potatoes, reserving about 1/2 cup if you plan to make in advance (see Do Ahead). Season with 2 tsp. salt and 3/4 tsp. pepper. Fold in sour cream and stir with a spoon until incorporated and very smooth (do not overmix or potatoes will become gummy). Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve topped with remaining 2 Tbsp. butter and more pepper.
Mashed potatoes can be made 2 hours ahead; cover and store at room temperature. Or chill, covered, up to 8 hours; reheat over medium with reserved 1/2 cup milk mixture.
35, Remember the Alimony, ['¾ oz (22 ml) London Dry gin', '1½ oz (45 ml) Cynar', '1½ oz (45 ml) Fino sherry', 'Orange twist', 'to garnish'], Combine all the ingredients in a chilled rocks glass. Add one large ice cube and stir for 10 seconds. Garnish with an orange twist.
36, Creole Cream Cheesecake With Caramel-Apple Topping, ['2 cups graham cracker crumbs (about 16 whole crackers)', '3 tablespoons granulated sugar', '3 tablespoons firmly packed light brown sugar', '1⁄4 teaspoon kosher salt', '1⁄2 cup unsalted butter, melted', '2 pounds cream cheese, at room temperature', '1 cup granulated sugar', '1⅓ cups Creole Cream Cheese', '1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste', '2 eggs, at room temperature', 'Ingredient Info: You can substitute 1 cup sour cream mixed with 1⁄4 cup buttermilk for the 1⅓ cups Creole Cream Cheese.', '3¾ tablespoons unsalted butter', '3⁄4 cup granulated sugar', '1⁄4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar', '1½ tablespoons honey', '4 cups peeled, cored, and evenly chopped Granny Smith apples (about 7)', '1½ teaspoons finely grated lemon zest', '1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice', '3⁄4 teaspoon kosher salt', '3⁄4 teaspoon ground cinnamon', '1⁄3 teaspoon ground cardamom', '1⁄3 teaspoon ground ginger', '1 teaspoon vanilla extract'], Make the crust. Preheat the oven to 375°F. In a medium bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs, granulated sugar, brown sugar, salt, and butter to combine. Pat the mixture into a 10-inch springform pan, pressing the crumbs firmly in an even layer on the bottom and making sure they come at least halfway up the side of the pan. Bake for 7 to 10 minutes, until the crust is fragrant, dry, and toasty. Let cool, then wrap the entire outside of the pan tightly in two layers of foil, all the way to the top.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl using a handheld mixer, cream the plain cream cheese and sugar on medium-high speed for about 4 minutes, until incredibly smooth and light. Stop the mixer and scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the Creole Cream Cheese and vanilla paste and beat on medium-high speed for about 2 minutes, scraping down the bowl once more. Decrease the speed to medium and beat in the eggs, one at a time, incorporating each one before adding the next. Mix just until the batter is smooth and uniform. Continuing to mix past that point, even though the batter won’t look different, only incorporates extra air, which will cause the cheesecake to bubble excessively and the surface to crack as that air tries to escape during the baking process.
Decrease the oven temperature to 350°F. Pour the batter into the prepared crust and tap the pan gently on the counter a few times to remove any large air bubbles. Place the springform pan in a large baking or roasting pan (just big enough for the springform pan to fit in) and set the pan on the middle rack in the oven. Fill the pan with enough hot water to reach the rim of the springform pan. Bake for about 1 hour, or until the sides of the custard are set and the middle is still just slightly wobbly. Generally, if the entirety of the custard is fully set, your cheesecake is overbaked. Don’t panic—it’ll still be delicious, and you’ll do better next time!
Let the cheesecake cool in the water until it is about room temperature. (You don’t want to have to try to grab the pan out of hot water if you can help it.) However, if you’re worried that your cheesecake might be slightly overbaked, you’ll want to pull it out rather quickly, and let it cool at room temperature. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours before slicing. The cake can be refrigerated, covered, for up to 4 days.
In a large heavy-bottomed sauté pan, heat the butter until melted. Stir in the granulated sugar, brown sugar, and honey and let cook until bubbling. Add the apples and toss to coat. Stir in the lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, cinnamon, cardamom, and ginger; stir to combine. Cook for about 4 minutes, or until the apples just start to soften. Remove from the heat, stir in the vanilla, and transfer to a bowl to cool completely before use. The filling can be made up to 3 days ahead of time and stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator.
37, Creole Cream Cheese, ['2 quarts skim milk', '1⁄4 cup buttermilk', '1 rennet tablet'], In a large heavy-bottomed saucepot over medium heat with a kitchen thermometer attached to the rim, warm the milk and buttermilk to 85°F. Add one-quarter of the rennet tablet and transfer the mixture to a plastic container or bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and then poke a few holes in the plastic to allow the steam to escape. Let stand at room temperature in a cool spot in your house for 48 hours.
Use a slotted spoon to transfer the solids to a double layer of cheesecloth set over a bowl and discard the liquid. Wrap the solids in the cheesecloth and hang it over the bowl (to catch the whey) in the refrigerator for 24 hours.
Discard the whey. Pack the cheese into an airtight plastic container and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.
38, Buss Up Shut (Paratha Roti), ['2¼ tsp. nonfat dry milk powder', '2 tsp. baking powder', '2 tsp. granulated sugar or light brown sugar', '2 cups (240 g) all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting', '1 Tbsp. vegetable oil, plus more', '2 Tbsp. vegetable shortening, room temperature', '1 Tbsp. ghee', 'unsalted butter', 'or vegan butter', 'room temperature'], Whisk milk powder, baking powder, granulated sugar, and 2 cups (240 g) flour in a large shallow bowl. Add about a fourth of ¾ cup warm water (110°) and mix in a wide circular motion with your fingers to gently combine (do not knead). As mixture becomes dry, add more of the water, little by little, and keep mixing gently until a shaggy dough forms; it should be soft and sticky, without dry spots. (Depending on the humidity, you may not need all of the water.)
Drizzle 1 Tbsp. oil over dough and gently press with your knuckles so that the top of dough is covered with oil. Cover bowl with a damp kitchen towel or plastic wrap and let rest in a warm spot 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, mix shortening and ghee in a small bowl until smooth.
Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Flour your hands and gently fold dough over on itself once or twice, then roll into a fat cylinder. Working quickly, without handling the dough too much, divide dough into four equal pieces and gently form each piece into a ball. Cover balls with a damp kitchen towel or plastic wrap and let rest 10 minutes.
Roll out a dough ball on a lightly floured surface into a 5-6"–diameter round. Brush with a quarter of shortening mixture and sprinkle evenly with flour. Cut a slit halfway across the dough, from the center to the edge. Starting on one side of slit, fold cut edge of dough at about a ¾" interval. Continue folding process until you reach the other side of the slit and have formed a cone. Pinch together edges at wide end of cone to seal, then bring both point ends together at the top and gently push in toward center of cone to create a dimple (you don’t need to push in too far). Push point at narrow end of cone in toward the center. You should now have a ball with a dimple on each end. Transfer to a lightly floured surface and repeat with remaining balls of dough. Cover balls with a damp kitchen towel or plastic wrap and let rest 20 minutes.
Heat a tawa or griddle over medium until a drop of water immediately sizzles on surface, about 2 minutes.
Meanwhile, place a ball of dough on a dimpled side on a lightly floured surface. Gently flatten into a round with your hands, turning once if desired, then roll, rotating often, to a ⅛"-thick round, about 10–12".
Brush tawa with a thin layer of oil. Cook roti until it begins to bubble slightly across the surface, about 20 seconds. Brush surface of roti with oil and continue to cook until bubbles across surface increase and roti is stiff enough on bottom side to turn, about 1 minute more. Turn roti over and brush surface with oil (bubbles may deflate; that’s okay). Using a spatula, move roti around to avoid hot spots and ensure even cooking, pressing on edges and uncooked spots to increase contact with pan. Continue to cook, turning every 30 seconds or so, until cooked through and both sides are speckled with golden brown spots, 1–2 minutes more. Using 2 spatulas, push opposite edges of roti toward the center. Smack down on the bunched roti with the ends of the spatulas to break up and flake, then turn roti over. Repeat process, scrunching and smacking roti from different directions, until flaky and lightly shredded. Transfer to a clean kitchen towel set inside a bowl or basket and wrap up to keep warm. Repeat with remaining dough balls and more oil, adding finished roti to bowl and covering tightly with towel as you go.
39, Best Deviled Eggs, ['6 large eggs', '1/4 cup mayonnaise', '1 teaspoon Dijon mustard', '1/8 teaspoon cayenne', 'Garnishes: paprika and chopped fresh chives', 'Pastry bag fitted with 1/2-inch star tip (optional)'], Cover eggs with cold water by 1 1/2 inches in a 3-quart heavy saucepan and bring to a rolling boil, partially covered. Reduce heat to low and cook eggs, covered completely, 30 seconds. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 15 minutes. Transfer eggs with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking and let stand 5 minutes.
Peel eggs and halve lengthwise. Carefully remove yolks and mash in a bowl with a fork. Add mayonnaise, mustard, and cayenne and stir with fork until smooth, then season with salt and pepper. Fill pastry bag with yolk mixture and pipe into egg whites.
40, Mango Curry, ['2 green, unripe mangoes, peeled and sliced (2 cups)', '4 shallots, thinly sliced (about ½ cup)', '4 Indian or Thai green chiles, halved lengthwise', '1 (1-inch) piece ginger, peeled and cut into thin matchsticks', '3 cloves garlic, cut into thin matchsticks', '3 Tbsp coconut vinegar or white vinegar', '1½ tsp salt', '3 cups coconut milk', '1 Tbsp coconut oil', '1½ tsp black mustard seeds', '4 dried red chiles, snapped in half', '20 curry leaves', 'Fried Onions for garnish (optional)', 'Basmati Rice to serve'], In a bowl, combine mangoes, shallots, green chiles, ginger, garlic, vinegar, and salt and mix well. Set aside for 2 hours.
In a large saucepan, combine mango mixture and coconut milk and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, or until mangoes are softened.
Have a splash guard and measured spices nearby. Heat oil in a small frying pan over medium-high heat until nearly smoking. Immediately reduce heat to medium. (You can test the heat of the oil by dropping in a couple of seeds. The oil is at the correct temperature when the seeds crackle, but do not burn.) Add mustard seeds and temper for a few seconds, until they stop popping. (Cover with the splash guard, if needed.) Add red chiles and curry leaves and cook for 15–20 seconds. Add the tempered spice mixture to the saucepan and stir to combine.
Garnish with fried onions (if using). Serve with rice.
Tempering is a traditional method of extracting optimal flavor from Indian spices, and it is a skill learned with practice! Reducing the heat a little before adding the spices prevents the spices from burning and adding a bitterness to your dish. If they do burn, simply start again with fresh spices.
41, Iced Café de Olla, ['¾ cup grated piloncillo or (packed) dark brown sugar', '1 (3") canela or cinnamon stick', '5 cardamom pods, cracked', '5 allspice berries', '1 tsp. black peppercorns', 'Pinch of kosher salt', '3 wide strips orange zest', '5–8 cups cold-brew coffee', 'Unsweetened coconut milk or half-and-half (for serving)'], Bring piloncillo, canela, cardamom, allspice, peppercorns, salt, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 15 minutes. Add orange zest; let cool.
Strain spiced syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a measuring glass; discard spices. (You should have about 1 cup.)
To make 1 drink, pour 1 cup cold-brew coffee into an ice-filled glass. Stir in 2–3 Tbsp. spiced syrup; top with 2–3 Tbsp. coconut milk.
Do Ahead: Syrup can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
42, Pumpkin Dutch Baby With Pumpkin Butter, ['3 large eggs, room temperature', '1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin purée, divided', '1 cup milk, room temperature', '3 Tbsp. unsalted butter, room temperature, divided', '1 cup all-purpose flour', '1 ½ tsp. cinnamon, divided', '¼ tsp. allspice', '¼ tsp. ground ginger', '¼ tsp. nutmeg', 'Kosher salt', '½ cup apple cider or juice', '3 Tbsp. maple syrup', 'Powdered sugar', 'for serving'], Place an 8-inch ovenproof skillet or cast-iron pan in the oven and preheat to 425°.
Once the oven reaches temperature, blend 3 large eggs in a blender until well combined and frothy, 1 minute. Add ¼ cup of the pumpkin purée, then 1 cup milk, and then 1 Tbsp. of the butter, blending for 30 seconds after each addition. Add 1 cup all-purpose flour, ¼ tsp. allspice, ¼ tsp. ground ginger, ¼ tsp. nutmeg, ½ tsp. salt, and 1 tsp. of the cinnamon in one addition. Blend again until combined and frothy, 1 minute (scraping down the sides of the blender if necessary).
Pull the hot pan from the oven and add the remaining 2 Tbsp. butter, swirling the pan so it melts evenly across the bottom (it will bubble and brown). Once the butter is melted, immediately pour in the Dutch baby batter and return to the oven. Bake until golden brown and slightly puffed, 20 minutes.
While the Dutch baby bakes, combine ½ cup apple cider, 3 Tbsp. maple syrup, the remaining ½ tsp. cinnamon, a pinch of salt, and the rest of the can of pumpkin purée (about 1 ¼ cups) in a small saucepan. Cook over medium-high heat until the mixture starts to bubble, then reduce to medium and cook, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides of the pot with a spatula, until dark and thickened with no raw pumpkin flavor remaining, 20 to 25 minutes. Slice the Dutch baby (it will start to sink as soon as you take it out of the oven) and serve with the pumpkin butter and powdered sugar.
43, Braised Chicken Legs With Grapes and Fennel, ['4 chicken legs (thigh and drumstick; about 3½ lb.), patted dry', '4½ tsp. kosher salt, divided', '2 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil, divided', '2 medium fennel bulbs (about 1 lb.), plus ¼ cup coarsely chopped fronds', '1 lb. Red Flame or green table grapes, stems removed (about 2 cups)', '1 cup unsalted chicken broth', '¼ cup honey', '4 tsp. Calabrian chile paste or chopped Calabrian chiles', '1 Tbsp. red wine vinegar'], Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 375°F. Season chicken legs all over with 3 tsp. salt.
Swirl 1 Tbsp. oil in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot to coat and heat over medium-high. Place 2 chicken legs, skin side down, in pot, making sure skin is in direct contact with pan. Cook, undisturbed, until dark golden, about 5 minutes. Turn over and cook until golden on other side, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large plate. Repeat with remaining 2 chicken legs; reserve pot.
Meanwhile, working one at a time, stand a bulb, root end down, on a cutting board and slice off a short end to create a flat surface. Turn cut side down and slice ½" thick, starting from the top end of bulb so the root end can hold the layers in place while you slice. Discard last ¼" (root end) of each bulb and pop out and discard tougher center from slices. Transfer fennel to a large bowl and add half of the grapes, ½ tsp. salt, and remaining 1 Tbsp. oil; toss to coat. Set aside.
Reduce heat to medium and combine broth, honey, chile paste, and remaining 1 tsp. salt in reserved pot. Stir to combine and dissolve salt. Place remaining grapes in pot and arrange chicken legs, skin side up and overlapping if needed, over grapes. Top with dressed fennel and grapes. (Don’t worry if it looks crowded: Fennel will soften as it cooks.)
Transfer pot, uncovered, to oven and roast until fennel is slightly softened, with some crispy, caramelized edges, grapes on top are swollen and browned in spots, and chicken is cooked through, 30–40 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes.
Using a slotted spoon or tongs, transfer grapes and fennel to a bowl and chicken to a platter. Place pot over medium-high heat and bring braising liquid to a simmer. Cook until reduced by half (you should have about 1 cup liquid), 8–10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vinegar and fennel fronds.
Spoon sauce over chicken and serve with fennel and grapes alongside.
44, Old-Fashioned Scalloped Potatoes, ['2 cups thinly sliced onion', '9 tablespoons unsalted butter', '6 tablespoons all-purpose flour', '3 1/2 cups milk', '2 1/2 pounds boiling potatoes', '1 1/2 cups coarsely grated sharp Cheddar (about 6 ounces)', '1/3 cup dry bread crumbs'], Preheat oven to 400°. In a skillet, cook the onion and 2 tablespoons of the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is very soft. In a heavy saucepan, melt 6 tablespoons of the remaining butter over moderately low heat, whisk in the flour, and cook the roux, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add the milk, scalded, in a stream, whisking, and bring the sauce to a boil. Simmer the sauce, whisking, for 1 minute and add salt and pepper to taste.
Peel the potatoes and slice them ⅛-inch thick. Spread about one third of the sauce in the bottom of a well-buttered 3-quart gratin dish at least 2 ½-inches deep, cover it with a layer of potato slices, overlapping the slices slightly, and cover the potatoes with one third of the onions. Sprinkle the onions with one third of the Cheddar and continue to layer the remaining sauce, potatoes, onions, and Cheddar in the same manner. Sprinkle the top with bread crumbs, and dot it with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, cut into bits.
Bake the mixture, covered with foil, in the middle of preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and bake the potato mixture for 35 minutes more, or until the top is golden and the potatoes are tender.
45, Yogurt and Spice Roasted Salmon, ['500g skinless salmon fillet, cut into 4cm cubes', '4 tablespoons Greek yogurt', '1 tablespoon garlic granules', '1 heaped tablespoon rose harissa', '1 teaspoon ground turmeric', '1 teaspoon paprika', 'Finely grated zest of 1 unwaxed lime and a good squeeze of juice', '1 teaspoon olive oil', 'Generous amount of Maldon sea salt flakes and freshly ground black pepper', 'Tortilla wraps', 'Sliced tomatoes', 'Finely sliced onion', 'Coriander leaves', 'Greek yogurt'], Preheat your oven to its highest setting (with fan if it has one). Line a baking tray with baking paper.
Mix all the marinade ingredients together in a mixing bowl. Add the salmon and turn until well coated in the marinade.
Spread the salmon out on the prepared baking tray and roast for 10 minutes until cooked through. Remove from the oven and serve immediately with tortilla wraps, tomatoes, finely sliced onion, coriander leaves and Greek yogurt.
46, Pita, ['1½ cups warm water', '1 teaspoon instant yeast', '4½ cups (540 grams) bread flour, divided, plus more as needed', '2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for your bowl', '3½ teaspoons Morton kosher salt'], Combine the water and yeast in a large mixing bowl (if you have a stand mixer, use that bowl) and let sit for 5 minutes.
Reserve ½ cup (60 grams) bread flour and add the remaining 4 cups to the mixing bowl along with the canola oil.
If you have a stand mixer, fit it with the dough hook and knead the mixture on low speed for about 3 minutes, until a sticky but cohesive dough starts to form. Pause occasionally to scrape down the bowl if the flour is clinging to the sides and bottom or climbing up the hook. If you’re making the dough without a stand mixer, mix it with a wooden spoon. In either case, loosely cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a dish towel and let rest for 30 minutes.
With your stand mixer on low or while stirring by hand in the mixing bowl, add the salt and, over the course of 2 or 3 minutes, add the remaining ½ cup flour, 2 tablespoons at a time. The dough should be more tense; it will feel soft but tacky, although it will pull from the sides of the bowl.
Flour your hands generously and use them to pull the dough onto a clean, unfloured work surface. Cup your hands around the dough, rolling it in short, circular strokes and using the sides of your hands to nudge it into a relatively smooth ball.
Lightly wipe the inside of a large bowl with canola oil and place the dough inside, flipping it once or twice to coat. Loosely cover the bowl and let the dough rise at a warm room temperature for 1 hour.
After 1 hour, the dough will be stretchy but very soft. Leaving it inside the bowl, stretch opposite sides of the dough over the center. Rotate the bowl a quarter- turn and stretch the dough in the same way, then flip the whole mound of dough upside down and cover again. Let rise for 1 hour.
Repeat this series of folds one more time, allow it to rise at room temperature for 1 hour, then tightly cover the bowl and refrigerate overnight or up to 2 days. The longer the dough is refrigerated, the more flavor it will have. After this rise, it’s ready to be shaped; bear in mind that, once it’s shaped, it will need more time for a final rise, so plan ahead.
Wipe a bit of canola oil on a large baking sheet. Dump the dough onto a clean, dry counter, and use a bench scraper or sharp knife to cut it into eight equal pieces; make clean, decisive cuts rather than use a sawing motion, so you don’t deflate all the air inside.
Lightly flour your hands and place one palm directly over the dough ball, with all your fingertips touching the counter to make a sort of “cage” around the dough. Roll it in brisk, small circles on the countertop so it tightens itself into a smoother, more taut ball.
Space the rounds of dough a few inches apart, seam side down, on the sheet, and roll to coat them lightly in oil. Tightly cover the sheet with plastic wrap so the dough doesn’t dry out, and let them rise at room temperature for 2 to 4 more hours, until they’re pillowy.
Meanwhile, set a baking stone on the center rack of your oven and turn on the broiler. You’re emulating a 700°F wood- burning oven, so you need to give the stone a good long while to preheat before you bake.
When the dough is ready, lightly flour a work surface, and use a bench scraper or thin metal spatula to coax one piece into your palm; be sure you don’t manhandle it or you’ll force out the pockets of air that formed while it rose. Dust a little more flour on the top of the dough and onto your rolling pin.
With firm, even pressure, briskly roll the dough a few times along its length. Flip it upside down, rotate it a quarter- turn, and roll it the same way, keeping it as round as possible. Repeat, dusting a little extra flour as needed, until it’s about 6 inches across.
This next part happens fast and furiously, so make sure you have no distractions—screaming children and natural disasters will have to wait. Use tongs or a good oven mitt to pull the oven rack with the baking stone partially out. Carefully pick up the pita, drape it over your palm, and slap it down onto the stone as if you’re giving it a high- five (just be careful not to touch the hot stone!). Set a timer for 1 minute, and close the oven. Broilers vary in strength but all are quite hot, so don’t turn your back on the oven or the pita may burn. Check on it— it should puff up and build in color, with some beautiful blistered spots. If it’s still pale, close the oven and let it keep baking for 30- second intervals.
Use tongs to flip the pita, and let it finish baking with the oven door cracked so you can watch it finish. Pull it out when the second side is as pretty as the first; this can take anywhere from 30 seconds to 2 minutes, depending on your broiler.
Bake off the rest of the dough this way; as you get the hang of it, feel free to bake two pitas at a time. Serve these hot or at room temperature.
47, Veselka's Famous Borscht, ['3 pounds (10 to 12) small beets, scrubbed thoroughly but not peeled', '9 tablespoons white vinegar', 'One 2-pound boneless pork butt, halved', '8 cups beef, chicken, or vegetable stock', '1 bay leaf', '1 teaspoon whole allspice berries', '1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns', '3 large carrots, peeled and sliced', '3 large celery stalks, sliced', '1 small head of green cabbage (about ¾ to 1 pound), shredded (about 4 cups)', '2 medium Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into ½-inch dice', 'One 15-ounce can lima beans, drained and rinsed', 'Salt'], To make the “beet water,” roughly chop 2 pounds of the beets (select the smaller ones), preferably in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Place the chopped beets in a large stockpot. Add 10 cups of water and 1 tablespoon vinegar.
Place the stockpot over high heat and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, and simmer for 2 hours. (If it seems like the liquid is evaporating too quickly, you may need to cover the pot partially with an offset lid.) The beets should be extremely soft and the liquid bright red.
Strain the liquid, pressing the cooked beets against the side of the strainer to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard the pulp or reserve. Set aside the beet water. You should have just about 4 cups.
Meanwhile, place the remaining 1 pound of whole beets in a separate large stockpot. Add water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, and simmer until the beets are tender-firm, about 40 minutes. When the beets are cooked, add 1 tablespoon white vinegar and set them aside to cool.
When the whole cooked beets are cool enough to handle, peel them; the skins should slip off easily. Grate the peeled beets on the largest holes of a box grater or in a food processor fitted with the grating blade.
To make the broth, place the pork butt in a large stockpot and add the beef stock. If necessary, add a little more stock or water to cover. Add the bay leaf, allspice berries, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, and simmer until the meat is tender and beginning to fall apart, about 2 hours. Set the pork aside to cool. When the pork is cool enough to handle, remove it from the pot and cut the meat into ½-inch cubes. Strain the broth and discard the bay leaf, allspice berries, and peppercorns. Reserve the cubed meat and 4 cups of the broth.
To cook the vegetables, place the carrots and celery in a large stockpot and pour the reserved meat broth over them. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer until the carrots and celery are just tender, about 8 minutes. Add the cabbage and potatoes and continue to cook until the potatoes and carrots are easily pierced with a pairing knife but keep their shape, 15 to 20 additional minutes. Add the lima beans and cook for 5 additional minutes, just to meld the flavors. Gradually add the remaining 7 tablespoons white vinegar, tasting between additions and stopping when the flavor is to your liking. Remove the soup from the heat and set aside.
To compose the soup, in a large soup pot combine the “beet water” and meat broth with the vegetables. Add the cubed pork and the grated beets. Stir to combine and bring to a simmer over low heat. Season to taste with salt and serve immediately.
48, Papaya-and-Cubeb-Marinated Snapper With Baked Yam Chips, ['4 5–6-oz. skin-on red snapper fillets, patted dry', '¼ tsp. okra salt or kosher salt, plus more', 'Alligator pepper or freshly ground black pepper', '½ tsp. cubeb pepper or Ashanti pepper (uziza)', '½ green or medium-ripe papaya, peeled, insides discarded', '1 small bunch cilantro', '2 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil', '1 small red onion, coarsely chopped', '1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped', '1 1" piece ginger, peeled, coarsely chopped (unpeeled if organic)', '¼–½ tsp. ground dried bird chiles or other hot chile powder', '1 lemon, halved', '1 lb. puna, white yams, or sweet potatoes (2–3)', '1 tsp. coconut sugar or dark brown sugar', '1½ tsp. kosher salt, divided', '3 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil, divided', 'Freshly ground black pepper', '½ tsp. chile powder', 'Drunk Apricot Shito (for serving)', 'A spice mill or mortar and pestle'], Using a sharp chef’s knife, score skin of each fish fillet in a crosshatch pattern, making cuts about ½" apart. Season fillets on both sides with salt and alligator pepper.
Toast cubeb peppers in a dry small skillet over medium-low heat, shaking occasionally, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a spice mill or mortar and pestle. Let cool and coarsely grind; set aside. Coarsely chop half of papaya into 1" pieces; set remaining half aside. Coarsely chop half of cilantro (leaves and stems); set remaining cilantro aside.
Transfer chopped papaya to a blender; add oil and blend, adding 1–2 Tbsp. water to get it going if needed, until smooth. Add chopped cilantro, onion, garlic, ginger, ground chile, ¼ tsp. salt, and reserved ground cubeb pepper. Blend mixture to a smooth paste.
Coat fillets all over with marinade, rubbing into score marks. Place fish, skin side down, in a single layer in a large baking dish. Squeeze juice from half a lemon over. Set remaining lemon half aside for serving. Cover with plastic wrap or a lid and chill at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours.
Fill a large bowl with water. Peel yams and slice in half lengthwise, then slice in half crosswise. Cut each quarter into ½"-thick slabs. (Length of slabs will depend on yam’s size, but you’re going for something that looks like steak fries.) Add yam slices to bowl as you work to prevent oxidation. When all yams are cut, swish in water to remove excess starch, then drain. Refill bowl and repeat process until water is clear, about 2 more times. Add sugar and ½ tsp. salt and stir until dissolved; add the drained chips. (Yams, like many foods that are good for you, can be quite bitter; the sugar will help counter this.) Let soak 30 minutes.
Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 450°. Drain chips and pat dry with a clean kitchen towel. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with 2 Tbsp. oil. Season with black pepper, then sprinkle with chili powder and remaining 1 tsp. salt. Toss to coat, then spread out into an even layer. Roast chips, turning halfway through, until golden brown and crisp, about 20 minutes.
Heat broiler. Scrape off excess marinade from fish and place fillets, skin side up, on another rimmed baking sheet. Broil until browned and crisp on top and cooked through, 5–7 minutes.
Using a vegetable peeler, shave reserved papaya into ribbons, pick leaves from reserved cilantro stems, and cut reserved lemon half into wedges.
Transfer fish to plates and top with papaya and cilantro. Mound yam chips next to fillets. Serve with shito and lemon wedges alongside.
49, Drunk Apricot Shito (Ghanaian Hot Pepper Sauce), ['4 oz. dried apricots', '¼ cup dark rum or arrack', '1 Tbsp. unsalted butter', '¼ tsp. ground cinnamon', '3 Tbsp. plus 1 tsp. coconut sugar or dark brown sugar', '2 grains of selim pods', '½ tsp. cubeb pepper or Ashanti pepper (uziza)', '½ cup peanut oil or vegetable oil', '1 medium white onion, finely chopped', '1 small red onion, thinly sliced', '2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped', '1 1" piece ginger, peeled, finely grated (unpeeled if organic)', '1 Tbsp. crushed red pepper flakes', '1 tsp. chopped rosemary', '1 tsp. chopped thyme', '¾ tsp. dried prawn or shrimp powder', '1 tsp. okra salt or kosher salt, plus more', '2 Tbsp. tomato purée', '3–4 Tbsp. dried chile powder', '⅔ cups low-sodium chicken broth', '1 Scotch bonnet or habanero chile, pierced a few times with a knife', 'A spice mill or mortar and pestle'], Place apricots in a small bowl and pour in hot water to cover. Let sit 20 minutes, then drain and coarsely chop. Return apricots to same bowl and add rum; stir to coat. Chill at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day. Drain into a mesh sieve set over another small bowl or container. Reserve apricots and rum separately.
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add cinnamon, 3 Tbsp. coconut sugar, and reserved apricots. Cook, stirring occasionally, until apricots are slightly softened and coated in caramel, 6–8 minutes. Add reserved rum and cook, stirring often, until thickened and syrupy, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly. (Just FYI: You can eat these drunk apricots right away over vanilla ice cream and be very happy.)
Toast grains of selim pods and cubeb peppers in a small skillet over medium-low heat, shaking occasionally, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a spice mill or mortar and pestle and let cool. Grind as well as you can. The grains of selim won’t completely break up, so cracked open but mostly whole is okay—you just want to release some of their flavor.
Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot over medium. Cook white and red onions, stirring occasionally, until softened and just starting brown, 20–25 minutes. Stir in ground grains of selim and cubeb pepper, garlic, ginger, and remaining 1 tsp. coconut sugar. Cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add red pepper flakes, rosemary, thyme, prawn powder, and 1 tsp. salt to pot and cook, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Add drunk apricots along with any syrup and cook, stirring often, about 2 minutes.
Add tomato purée to pot and cook, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes, then stir in chile powder. Add broth and fresh chile. Cover pot and cook, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking, until a loose dark brown paste forms, 30–40 minutes. The oil will rise to the surface when the sauce is ready. Remove from heat; taste and season with more salt if needed. If you like texture, leave as is, or blend with an immersion blender (or let it cool slightly and blend it in a blender) to make it smooth. Let cool completely.
Spoon shito into jars or an airtight container with at least a ¼" layer of oil on top.
Do ahead: Shito can made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
Note: The amount of chile described in this recipe is what I would classify as pretty hot—some West Africans might call this medium hot, some very hot. Folks familiar with heat will enjoy this, but if you don’t like super-jacked heat you should probably err on the lower end of the range. West African pantry staples can be found at Zoe's Ghana Kitchen.
50, Summer Bean Soup With Tomato Brown Butter, ['8 oz. (230 g) dried beans, such as flageolet or navy, or fresh shelling beans', '2 in. square dried kombu', '2 large tomatoes', '2 celery ribs', '1 carrot', '1 leek, white and light green parts only', '6 shallots, skins intact', '6 garlic cloves, minced', '4 oil-packed anchovy fillets', '6 Tbsp. (90 ml) extra-virgin olive oil', '2 Tbsp. maple syrup', '1 ½ Tbsp. kosher salt', '1 Tbsp. red pepper flakes', '1 tsp. whole-grain mustard', '8 oz. (230 g) bacon', '8 oz. (230 g) Romano beans or green beans, chopped into 1 in. pieces', '2 shallots, thinly sliced', '1 tsp. red pepper flakes', 'Zest and juice of 1 lemon', '1 garlic clove, grated', '12 pickled green beans (see Basic Wet Salt Method, below)', '9 cherry tomatoes, quartered', '2 tsp. extra-virgin olive oil', '1 tsp. sherry vinegar', 'Tomato Brown Butter', 'Crumbled feta', 'parsley leaves', 'and marjoram leaves for garnish'], Combine the dried beans and kombu in a large container and cover with plenty of water to soak for at least 4 hours or overnight; skip this step if using fresh beans.
Drain the beans and kombu and add them to a large pot with enough water to cover by about 1 in. (if using fresh beans, add the kombu now). Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; meanwhile, halve the tomatoes and cut the celery, carrot, and leek into about 3 in. pieces. As soon as the water boils, decrease the heat to medium-low and add the vegetables to the pot, along with the whole shallots and minced garlic. Continue to cook at a gentle simmer until the beans are very creamy, 60 to 90 minutes for dried beans and about half that for fresh.
Remove the pot from the heat and use a slotted spoon to reserve the tomatoes; remove and discard the other vegetables.
Set up a sieve over a heat proof container and strain the beans (there should be about 3 cups or 480 g), reserving all the cooking liquid.
In a blender, combine 1 cup (160 g) of the cooked beans with 2 cups (480 ml) of the cooking liquid, plus the tomatoes, anchovies, oil, maple syrup, salt, red pepper flakes, and mustard. Purée until extremely smooth, pour into a large bowl, and fold in the reserved cooked beans by hand. At this point, you can serve it right away or transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 3 days, gently rewarming over medium-low heat when you’re ready to serve.
While the bean soup is cooking, preheat the oven to 325°F. Cut the bacon into ¼ in. lardons; reserve 3 whole beans for garnish and cut the rest into 2 to 3 in. pieces.
In a medium saucepan or Dutch oven, spread the bacon in an even layer and cook over medium-low heat until it starts to turn golden and crisp, about 10 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the pieces but leave the fat behind.
Increase the heat slightly, and sauté the shallots until translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in the chopped beans, bacon, and red pepper flakes. Cover with a lid or a tight layer of foil and bake until the beans are very soft, 60 to 90 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest, juice, and garlic as soon as the beans come out of the oven and cover again; the residual steam will cook the garlic.
Thinly slice the pickled green beans on the bias. Combine with the cherry tomatoes, oil, and vinegar.
To serve, ladle the bean soup into bowls with a big spoonful of the baked beans on top. Garnish with the pickled green bean mix, a swirl of tomato brown butter, crumbled feta, and torn fresh herbs. Leftovers can all be refrigerated in separate airtight containers, though the green bean salad is best on the day it’s made, when the beans are most crisp and the tomatoes are fresh.
This works for any amount of dense vegetables or dense, underripe fruit, either whole or cut up, such as carrots, turnips, beets, winter squash, onions, green beans, Brussels sprouts, green tomatoes, small apples, underripe peaches, and whole baby cabbages. Peel off any tough skins, such as on beets, winter squash, and onions, and trim the tops. Leave the vegetables whole or cut them into the desired finished shape. Place the vegetables in a nonreactive container and pour water to completely submerge them; as you do so, keep track of how much water you’re adding since the amount of water will dictate the amount of salt (generally 3.5 percent salt by weight of the water for most vegetables, although cucumbers can handle 4 to 5 percent and the increased salt assists with keeping their texture crispy). With a long wooden spoon, stir kosher salt into the brine (or add the salt, cap the jar, and give it a hearty shake) until the salt is dissolved. Place a weight on top of the vegetables to keep them submerged in the brine. Seal the container, using a lid with an airlock if you have one. If you don’t have an airlock, you’ll just need to open the container every few days or so to release carbon dioxide buildup and check for mold. Place the container in a clean, low-light area with an ambient temperature of 60°F to 68°F until the pickles taste sour, about 3 weeks. Refrigerate indefinitely.
